{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red254\green254\blue254;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13820\viewh12580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Notice\

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for \ul Smooth Hacker News App\ulnone . This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this app.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
\b0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We track how users are using the app with the help of third-party software and APIs and are therefore not the sole owners of the information collected. We do not collect any additional information beyond this tracking data, although this may change in the future with one of the Over-the-Air updates.\
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We may contact you in the future to tell you about changes to this privacy policy.\

\b Your Access to and Control Over Information
\b0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
See what data we have about you, if any.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Change/correct any data we have about you.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Have us delete any data we have about you.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa200\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via the contact links on the Google Play Store.}